24/may/26 03:56 AM
Limerence
It's been more than 2 weeks since our "no contact". I am pretty sure you've forgotten about me. We never even dated.  But how can this be possible that we can have someone in our minds for such a long time and with extreme intensely? Especially someone who don't even remember our existence? I gotta admit, you really had good ways with your words, How you made it seem like it was all in my head. No it wasn't. I think deep down, You know it. Either your guilt made you fool your brain and you tried to downplay it or most probably You genuienly were just a average random person. I hope the latter isn't true. I hope I forget you soon. I did it for the plot, and the plot messed up my mind, heart  and a little bit of my routine. Most of the  time, my mind replays our funny, sassy, witty and intellctual conversations. Fast forward to a decade later, I won't remember any of it. Kinda sad and pathetic, because I do not want to forget. Indeed, Crushes brings out your deepest insecurities. It's both as lovely as well as a devastaing feeling. It still was worth it ig. I never wanted you forever, but knowing that I can't have you ever hurts me. It's illogical ik. I wish you miss me too. Atleast a little. 

28/may2026 11:53 PM
If only
If only I was prettier enough, privileged enough, to have any thing I want. By anything, I mean, life partner. 
because a life partner does have an significant impact on how Our lives are gonna turn out.

Anyways, I am so glad that we had the closure conversation yesterday. I am so relieved knowing, That you liked me too, you missed me too.
You want me too. It wasn't in my head. wow. hehe. But I know, I always knew that it's never gonna be enough. So I choose you let you go. Because, I am not pretty and privileged enough.
I genuinely liked you, My sweetheart. You were the first person who I shared such intellectual bond with, I could ask you "Honey, why is the sky blue?" and you would answer me with great enthusiasm. When I asked "Aapko kya Karna Pasand Hai?" and you replied "I like to think, Mizzle."  That has to be the most attractive thing I've ever heard. I was like "Finally someone with a working brain." No wonder I fell for you Honey. Anyways, I could clearly see inconsistency, doubt and confusion between us. We are just 20 year olds trying to figure out our lives. I don't want us to become another tension to figure out. Moreover, I guess Since we don't know much about each other, we've built perfect imaginary versions of each other. It'll shatter anyway if we continue this. I've felt enough. I want to anymore.  So yeah. It ends sweet. it ends now.



20/06/26 05:55 AM
The End
just got through my biggest heart break ever. It almost made me question my worth, my sanity, my rationality. It made me loose my appetite, my will to live. It caused me several nights of heart ache, made me sit under a tree, stare into nothingness and just keep wondering about the alternatives . Made me cry for hours. How can he forget me, disrespect me so easily? Damn, You never really who a person is. Never. It numbing and gut-wrenching to realise that the good idealized version of them was just in your head. It's humiliating, But I I gotta admit. I still do miss him. How I wish it didn't end in such a tacky way. from "bache" to "bitch". Wow. we did go a longggg way.  

